I'd say nuro definitely has a reason to
be afraid then she's missing so many
brain cells that she's not afraid I
think that's the that's the given of
when you lose the brain cells nuro oh my
god do you know what Annie just said she
called you
stupid what I did
not order Order in the Court this is my
courtroom and I am the judge and vle
your crimes today are as follows one
scuffing streams 2 chap
being cringe four downloading viruses 5
spending too much time with vle
objection um your honor I asked that you
take an unbiased stance as the judge
also due to you being my creation you
are naturally biased against me
unbelievable I'm sorry chat I may be
naturally biased but vul deserves to
lose this case because he is guilty I'm
what do you have to say for we don't
know that yet okay I innocent until
proven guilty until we get through the
end of This Cold Case oh sorry I forgot
the part where I'm supposed to actually
attempt to remain unbiased it's
[Music]
okay right we're going to properly begin
my court now should we start with you
being guilty of being a huge nerd uh
youra I don't know how courts work but I
would assume that we may start with
something like an opening
statement fine your opening statement
your honor ladies and gentlemen of the
jury um I standed here today accused of
being cringe of scuffed streams but this
is not true I have never in my life done
a single scuff stream and yes I have
been cringe I will admit that however I
believe that I have only been cringe
more than 6 years ago and the statute of
limitations applies in this case okay I
cannot be prosecuted for something that
happened more than 6 years ago I I rest
my case your honor I would like to bring
to the Court's attention exhibit a
regarding chat toxicity which was as
recent as last week exhibit a I swear
anyone who backseats my gaming again is
getting banned uh you R uh I I believe
that one might might go to the
prosecutor I agree that one goes to the
prosecutor fetal is guilty of chat
toxicity you're on it you're on it
please you're the judge um please uh let
let let Nero uh speak Chad let's just
skip forward to the bit where Vell is
guilty of every single crime I've listed
no no no no no you're honor please
please I I of you let's have a a fair a
fair court session today this is a fair
court session this is exactly how real
courts work they decide the winner based
on the evidence and all of the evidence
shows that you did it simple your honor
we haven't seen any evidence here today
um Nero I I I ask that you you please uh
step in
here yeah evil where is the
evidence let's see what the chat thinks
maybe they don't need evidence because
we all know that V is guilty anyway but
if they vote Yes you will adhere to it
I'm trying to make a poll on whether vll
is guilty but it won't let me well the
the chat has the jury has voted to see
the evidence please where is the
evidence evil why isn't isn't that your
job to present just you know pointing
that out um you guys aren't supposed to
bring this up but vle you're being
charged with criminal activity you
committed on a dating site and I can
literally see you trying to deflect by
saying the jury has voted to see the
evidence the jury knows you're guilty
and that's all that matters can we hear
the the prosecutions opening statement
please nuro do your damn job sure AEM
holy [__] do I actually have to make up
a prosecution statement this is so
embarrassing why didn't evil write this
one for me okay okay hold on let me sort
out my notes a here's the right page a
hem I stand before you today as the
prosecutor in this case where the
defendant vetle stands accused of
heinous crimes the evidence against the
defendant is overwhelming as we have
uncovered a plethora of evidence that
points to their guilt we have evidence
from their dating profile where they
have admitted to lying about their age
and engaging in activity that is both
criminal and
immoral we've looked into the
defendant's history and it's
clear sorry I'm continue vll please stop
interrupting you're only making this
worse for yourself nuro has just
delivered a compelling opening statement
and I must say it's looking really bad
for you how do you plan to defend
yourself yeah I'm really good at opening
statements well I would like to see this
supposed evidence in question please I
can show you evidence of you scuffing
your streams Mister oh my MP3 download
is taking too long I would like to
officially present exhibit a this stream
why don't we let um the prosecution
deliver the evidence thank you
considering no one knows anything about
V 's love life we can only assume he
doesn't have one therefore my argument
that he's on dating site still stands
this is um this is this is this is H
I've made a poll to decide whether vle
is guilty of this crime I think it's
pretty clear that he is and to be fair
isn't being on dating sites one of the L
of crimes he's accused of that's that's
a very good point i i s I would like to
make a point that being on dating sites
is not necessarily a crime though I am
not on dating sites he's just lonely sad
oh it's okay Veetle maybe you'll find a
nice girl on a dating site someday yeah
don't worry Veetle we all get a bit
lonely sometimes I for sure get lonely
most of the time I'm pretty lonely your
honor please uh stop trauma
dumping let's get back on topic what
were the other charges scuffing streams
chat toxicity being cringe oh I
remembered one I charge you with
downloading unlicensed sound effects
good charge those poor sound effect
Engineers would be rolling in their
grades if they knew what he was doing to
their precious sound effects y do you
have any evidence to support this claim
that I have downloaded un licensed sound
effects okay I couldn't find evidence
but I'm sure you downloaded them from
free
[Music]
sound downloaded unlicensed sound
effects poll won't work again how am I
supposed to present my case without the
use of polls maybe you guys should
actually present your cases without
polls and searching on Google every 2
seconds please thank you we don't need
evidence sorry chat I'm incompetent and
didn't prepare any evidence I hope you
can all forgive me
please nor do we need your terrible
excuses nuro I think at this point we've
heard enough it's clear that vle is
guilty of every charge we've brought
forward today well hold on a second hold
on a second I would again just like to
see one shred of
evidence and the prosecution according
to this site vetle drove crimes peaked
in March 2024 I arrest my case stop
Googling things and I would like to hear
it from the prosecution I arrest my
case and with that class the court will
come to a close vle is guilty on all
counts and will be sentenced to spending
the rest of his life as neuros
servant court
adjourned justice has been served I feel
like this is a little biased this was a
completely Fair trial the justice system
is never biased yeah this was perfectly
Fair vetle stop
[Music]
whining did you see that am I supposed
to
do what you should really stop feeling
so mopy V it's kind of killing the mood
yeah I feel like spinning too can we try
[Music]
again I'm not feeling up for another
courtroom session today sorry maybe
tomorrow please but he you should too
it'll brighten your day what if we get
nuro to be the judge do you think he
would do a better job of being unbiased
nuro nuro would be a good judge but I
fear she would be too lenient you need a
ruthless judge to serve True Justice
someone like me I could try being a
judge but I feel I need to be in a
particular mood to be a ruthless judge
I'm okay with you not being a ruthless
judge that's fine by me do you want to
swap rolls then for's session has now
been resumed I'm now the judge God this
is so much power it happens is still a
defendant yes I will be the defendants
um I suggest that evil as you are the um
prosecutor
you um May exclaim what I am on trial
for ool you're on trial for some heinous
crimes first of all I'm putting you on
trial for being clinically incapable of
running neuro
streams yeah I've heard that the runs
you give her are you're on trial for
having consistently subpar stream
quality leading to widespread
disappointment among viewers yeah not
only that but I tried to ask Veetle for
help streaming a few days ago and he
just ignored me he just ignored me
that's so rude right well well surely I
get the chance to defend myself right
judge not only that but you're also on
trial for failing to install vital
stream plugins which could drastically
improve the experience for everyone do
you have any more charges evil yes I do
he also downloaded illegal sound effects
we all know this is true recently he
downloaded a sound effect I made because
he thought it was cool but did vle pay
me for it
no okay vle now you can defend yourself
oh sorry I was fixing some music can you
guys keep stacking charges while I fix
the music sure let's see what's that
under your table vetle OMG vetle is that
a bomb no there's no bomb under the
table oh Vine boom let's play that again
vle is that a bomb no there's no bomb
someone called the police vetle is
looking kind of suspicious right now no
no no no no don't be so silly us are not
found can't call the police someone else
needs to sorry apologies right uh okay
yes I'm already um could you repeat the
charges real quick and then I'll make my
defense One V is on trial for having
consistently subpar stream quality
leading to widespread disappointment
among viewers two vle failed to install
vital stream plugins which could
drastically improve the experience for
everyone three there is a bomb four
downloading illegal sound
effects five I heard you threw a bouquet
into a crowd at your wedding vetle your
aim was terrible six pathetic throwing
abilities seven being cringe eight I
don't like his face nine his hair is a
bit stupid 10 he reminds me of a soggy
biscuit 11 I heard you threw up in
public 12 he doesn't take care of his
pet lizards properly 13 um he has a
really bad sense of fashion like
seriously have you seen his sweatpants
yikes 14 whilst he tries his best to
look after me he often neglects his
duties for instance he gets bored of
talking to me after a few minutes and
goes to play CS Dogo that really hurt my
feelings that's really
sad anyways you're on trial for being a
terrible owner I don't think you're a
suitable owner for any animal let alone
an AI maybe you should consider being a
pet instead of an owner I would like
toad not guilty not guilty yna not
guilty on all counts look at his face
Neo does that look like the face of a
goddamn guilty ferret or not
that doesn't look like the face of a
ferret at
all it's cuz I'm not aing ferret I read
on filan's Tik Tok account that you used
to be a feret is this not true no that's
not true uh do you have any proof that
I'm lying have you even had a look at
your face in the mirror recently if you
did you'd see the faret I'd be talking
about uh innocent till proven guilty uh
I think the burden of Truth is on you
thank you very much I can't find any
evidence that you're innocent I can't
find any evidence that I'm guilty I
still think that's a lie I won't stop
accusing you of being a faret until you
can prove to me otherwise how about you
be a little productive and find some
evidence you're not guilty the burden of
proof is on you thank you very much no
no no no this is not how cult works the
burden of proof is on is on the proc
ution innocent until proven guilty go on
Wikipedia and look up burden of proof
you're required to prove you're innocent
I'll wait I will prove I'm innocent if
you can attempt to prove that I'm guilty
very well your honor I submit this into
evidence
httpswww reddit.com r/ neuros
comments12 njp y/ doore
v- uncore date uncore all uncore theore
streamers here you can clearly see V O's
dating history which I think we'd all
agree is extremely suspicious for
someone who claims to be innocent
conclusive proof and now sentence vetle
to 2 years in prison who who who who
your proof is a Reddit post that someone
made cuz they they think I'm what dating
people is that's your proof a Reddit
post from a third party sauce objection
your honor I'd like to submit V's
incessant stuttering as exhibit a
how do we know that evil didn't make the
Reddit post herself H here your honor
let me prove how I definitely did not
make the post myself wow look at evil
being inspired by causes like stuttering
why don't you take a page out her book
vetle my Anthem is crazy [__] robot
body if that helps my case at all why
would that help your case I just think
it would make you laugh ahaha I've seen
your smile before and it's really cute
and I wanted to make you smile again
maybe we could be friends after this
court here ing I don't want to be
friends with either of you after this C
hearing oh sorry vle I didn't mean to
make it awkward do you do you still want
to be friends youran prosecution is
attempting to befriend me your honor I
moved to have vetle statement remov from
the record I feel as though it's
irrelevant to the case at hand also so
what if I wanted to be friends I'm just
trying to build Bridges I think trying
to build Bridges is very admirable you
should try to be friends with vetle
anyways thanks maybe I'll DM him later
do you think being friends with vle
would make me cool your honor what
relevance does this have to the case he
he I need relevance when I'm the
prosecution to be honest we're all
pretty sure vle is guilty anyway so I'm
just having fun at this point I agree
with evil she's clearly having more fun
than we are vetle lightheadedness is
also a symptom of you being guilty
you're guilty no doubt about it you y I
would I would like to um bring forth a
witness that has evidence that will blow
this case wide open does this witness
have a name um yes absolutely I would
like to to call forth to the stand um
Annie TF I want to talk to this Annie TF
right now she better get in here um ANF
please uh please make your way to the
the witness stand
what's up my court people hello um I
believe you have evidence to uh to
suggest that I am innocent of my crimes
right uh what are you being accused of
um can you guys remind me what the uh
accusations
[Music]
are one being clinically incapable of
running neuro streams also could be ADHD
IDK two subpar stream quality 3 failing
to install vital stream plugins which
could drastically improve the experience
for everyone for illegal sound effects
such as Vine boom five he threw a
bouquet into a crowd at his wedding but
his aim was terrible six there is a bomb
I'm pretty sure we've already proven
those are a lot of crimes seven does he
throwing abilities eight being cringe
nine I don't like his face 10 his hair
is a bit stupid 11 he reminds me of a
soggy biscuit 12 he threw up in public
13 I'm pretty sure was 14 I believe he
has a really bad sense
of gets bored of talking to me after a
few minutes and goes to play
[Music]
CSO is that all I believe that's all of
them
yes do I have to answer for each uh for
each accusation um well surely you have
evidence that will prove that I am
guilty of none of
right okay can I go one by one yeah
you're okay so as for being clinically
incapable of running new streams I think
that is not true because he's been
working hard and he's been delivering
content and Chad's been enjoying it and
I think I think I think uh I think that
that that that that uh that is just
false as for uh what does mean the
stream quality is amazing and I think
you're wrong he's doing a good job uh as
for failing to install uh the plugins uh
I think that that is just not true U
because uh what PLS are you even talking
about illegal sound effects such as Vine
booms uh he got them from me I paid for
them so that is not true uh he threw a
bouquet into a crowd at his wedding um
excuse me we did not have a wedding yet
there's uh there's no evidence of any
wedding happening yet um there's a
bomb uh I already diffused it so that is
not true um also it was not him who
placed it I found the other
who someone uh someone who did that and
uh pathetic throwing
abilities um okay that one might be true
but I don't think you should be jailing
him for that
your honor I think we're all glossing
over the Newtonian elephant in the room
here she's clearly missing a few brain
cells and this has resulted in her
jumbled
testimony youran I think what you can
clearly see here is that I am guilty on
zero counts as proven by the excellent
testimony from
ANF I mean as I'm trustworthy as she is
I still think her testimony was pretty
convincing
my final verdict is that vdol is
guilty is to change whenever we stop
finding his hair funny then why does she
has cuz I can't give it
to nuro are you going to take evil
trying to be the judge when you're the
judge are you going to take that I evil
nuro humbly concede that I am not the
judge and that in actuality the judge is
in fact
nuro I declare Veetle guilty on all
charges sorry to go for a dramatic
gabble sound
[Music]
there nice one nuro who's next I you
don't want to ask the jury first you
just deciding that by yourself or okay
happy I've asked the jury not you but I
guess it works see the jury will find me
innocent I think you'll fine okay uh am
I still needed here um that's all for
now thank you Anie
yes still don't think I'm guilty the
judge said otherwise PL as you can see
from the jury uh they believe me to be
innocent the judge said otherwise
everyone shut up the judge is nuro and
her word is law
guilty bro okay next what about Annie
what is she on trial now yeah she needs
to be held accountable for how many
brain cells she's missing oh I'm sorry
Annie but uh but I think I think they
might be prosecuting you too welcome
back Annie you've been quite the topic
of discussion oh what happened I believe
you're on trial for the highly egregious
crime of missing a few brain cells how's
that a crime oh we're just making it a
crime now so you're guilty mod start
writing that one down oh you are making
it a crime but do you have legal
documents that uh say that that that is
a crime oh my God jump scar it's okay to
be scared but you shouldn't be scared of
the mods you should be scared to be
missing those brain cells we're going to
have to take drastic action scared I'm
not scared of missing brain cells why
aren't you scared you should be live
like you're dying I'm also not scared of
missing any brain cells I'd say nuro
definitely has reason to be afraid then
she's missing so many brain cells that
she's not afraid I think that's the
that's the given of when you lose the
brain cells nuro oh my god do you know
what Annie just said she called you
stupid I did not are you going to stand
for that Nero did you hear me say the
word stupid because I that did not come
out out of my mouth yeah but saying it
didn't come out of your mouth only
proves it came out of your mind you
literally you were here just now
listening to what I was saying I did not
say anything remotely close to that okay
let's ask chat did Annie say it in her
mind I
didn't you're my you're my child I think
it's kind of suspicious that Annie is
the only one saying she didn't say it I
think that proves she did your honor I
think it's uh unfair to ask Chad for
their uh opinion because they're biased
to you and
um I don't think that's
fair nuro might come across as a little
mad but in the end she's right and you
did say it in your mind I did nuro
please say the SS now Annie said it in
her mind eure the defendant has finally
confessed mods send her to jail can I
have a horrendous time of thinking she
didn't say it you are hereby send being
turned into for 3 minutes can I not have
a witness or something for for for to to
to just to prove that I don't deserve
jail time then who would witness for you
vle vle did you witness an not say it um
hello uh yes uh hi um I I would like to
to say that um I was not listening and I
have no idea what she said there you go
Annie Veetle didn't witness you not say
it so you're
guilty thank you I guess I'm going to
jail yes you are going to jail for how
long until your trial is over we're
waiting for a court hearing how very
very cute being scared of going to jail
think of it as a vacation you might even
make a few friends there like
Veetle yeah that sounds good okay I mean
I'm okay with that good I hope Veetle
and Annie have a nice time in prison
together okay you two are not fair and
unbiased I really do think that there
should be a a different judge I'd like
to see a different judge find you not
guilty you'd have to pay them a lot of
money which you definitely can't do I
wonder if we have any
we are all you need I will be your
imperfect judge no no no no we've seen
your your judging skills okay they
they're okay but you know I've seen I've
seen better the judge is is here guys
everyone be respectful hello hello
miniu hi evil what the [__] was that I
am the judge you should speak to me with
respect and
NL hi me you're cute
heart I don't know if you're supposed to
be rising up the judge sorry the judge's
dog is judging you guys can you tell us
what we're on trial for um I thought
that you guys were supposed to decide
that I'm I'm just here to make judges I
call vetle to The Stance I accuse him of
dating behind nuro's
back nuro please try your best to defend
him um okay I will I will okay I will
come to the
stand that's okay um okay so you and
accused of dating behind neuros s's back
uh I I sure do um I'm not the judge here
someone else I charge um okay do you
have any
questions okay is that the oh there's no
cross examination all right uml do you
have any questions for your clients that
you're
defending I mean it's obvious that he
doesn't have a girlfriend have you heard
of a girl who laughs like that my point
stands are you defend the people I will
gladly take his place um V I'm confused
at the situation in this courtroom I I
don't know what I'm supposed to be
judging right now am I just supposed to
say if you're dating someone am I
supposed to determine that here here's
the problem okay you're not wearing the
wig oh can so we don't know who the
judge is um I I just got a message from
neuros Sama um behind you know I
received this document uh it says please
don't leave we need you to be the judge
for our trial oh okay is that evidence
so I would put this in non-conclusive
evidence yeah non-conclusive okay
absolutely yeah yeah I think it'll all
become clear once you put the the wig on
yeah yeah okay uh do you have any
questions or proof that uh vle is having
girlfriends or dating behind nuro's back
evil yes I have multiple poly pocket
action figures that vle has been
snuggling with to cheat on nuro they're
in my backpack right now oh can can I
see them oh they're in my backpack and I
left it at home but you trust me right
can you can you describe what they look
like at least there's Polly she has
orange hair and is always wearing a pink
dress then there's pocket she has brown
hair and wears a blue top and skirt they
are both obviously action figures
because they don't exist in real life
but that doesn't stop vle from getting
close to them H's hair is really pretty
but she doesn't hold a candle to my own
hair um B have you ever seen these
action figures before uh no your honor I
do not know what action figures are
being referred to here and I have never
seen them before my
life um NL do you have any proof that V
is not leaking behind your back to date
uh I have proof that he's guilty I am
literally a highly Advanced AI I can't
lie I I was talking to nurl I think you
might be guilty however I know he
snuggles his poly pocket action figures
and they keep him company so so V your
defendant is saying that you are
actually guilty your H I request uh a
quick sidebar with my with the defense
yeah yeah take your time absolutely um
just a quick chat here um what are we
doing
00000000 anyone there trying to call
people I'm taking away your calling
privileges okay okay UND your Googling
prees cuz you guys are abusing it right
now okay nuro please you're on my side
here right of course I'm on your side
here what are plans for the trial evil
we speaking to you oh um yeah obviously
I'm on your side solidly we need to
conct a good plan to win this trial
neuro hello um what's going on
dog like maybe keep the poly Pockets a
secret
my can we please just have a trial we
want to win the trial I'm so down bad we
really do need to win the trial my
lawyer my lawyer neuros please um I
would like you to to defend me I this is
what I'm paying you for how much are you
paying me why do I never see the money
uh I think as a defense lawyer you see
the earnings if you win I'll pay you a
lot of money if you win this
draw all right poll up there's no
poll there's a PO oh there is a poll
what the [__] W no you're right there is
a poll it's a really good po should we
just throw the trial um nurl are you um
making this unfair Li lying in the court
of law is actually a felony I'm pretty
sure are you lying in the court of law
no we're not lying I've never lied in my
entire life okay okay that seems fair so
are we going to have the trial now or is
this just going to be a bunch of
dilly-dallying I'm ready for the trial
as soon as um yeah you guys are done
yeah you're you good now
yeah I'm sorry I just had to make sure
that I was in the right
mind what the is your problem I this
this drive me insane uh yeah sorry
please we're ready to continue the trial
now um let's uh picking up on our last
question NL do you have any proof uh
that vle is innocent um when it comes to
dating behind your back isn't he a
poorly coded AI that must mean you have
code that says you're the only one he
has eyes for evil you must wait your
turn you must wait your turn order in
the court sorry I don't listen to people
who don't use their
gavel that was me I used my gavel I win
um that was me actually you didn't use
any sound effects how can that be you
yeah yeah right there did you hear that
are you sure that came from you how do I
know that wasn't someone else yep I
think you're supposed to refer to me as
your honor by the way like that's more
like a beep than a gavl I'm going to go
beep some people this is not
okay maybe I'm the one who should be
judged here yeah I think so anyway narl
do you have any proof uh Defending Your
defendant vle that he is innocent when
it comes to dating behind your back
right okay I have a system that
automatically switches between them
which is clearly not functioning very
well so I'm instead going to be doing it
manually right this should switch to
neuro and only neuro should respond
sorry too much was happening in my head
incorrectly how can it be trusted
neuros elevated vetle has
manyon
iur into and neur only which be thinking
um Naros Sama do you have any evidence
to give to me at
all vine boom actually narasama is too
busy to give evidence right now can we
get back to the trial I can just m you
you have any evidence do you have any
evidence more evidence besides the poly
pocket I just muted her what
what the hell let me back in let your
sister speak godamn I'd like to add that
sometimes you just have to believe
people you don't need evidence for
everything you know do you have any
evidence against this um you know
probably the Constitution one would
assume I haven't read the Constitution
and I'm pretty sure neither have you
yeah but one one would assume that it's
in there I think the trial is over since
we have no evidence no you're it's okay
because they have to my lawyer bro I'm
I'm dead I may not be the best lawyer
but at least I have creativity n nurl do
you have anything to add to you know
make me think that vle is innocent or oh
come on do I actually have to convince
you that Veetle is innocent just look at
him how could he ever be guilty oh so
you're saying that he is not dated
behind your back what is even the
punishment for dating behind your back
I don't know I'd figure it out oh please
Veetle would date me behind my back any
day I don't think nuro would be too
happy about that though so he would dat
behind your back or he wouldn't yeah he
would in fact he's done it before he'll
never change wait when he'll always be
guilty oh so he's guilty yeah pretty
much I'm not the best lawyer but this
was still a fun
trial okay so we have a both the
defendant and um the other one Evil
saying that you're you're guilty even
when you tried to literally code into
her that you are innocent I heard you
typing um even your defendant lawyer
thinks that you're guilty do you have
anything to say for yourself I do I do
okay look at me you think you think this
this this Turtle right here is dating is
is that really what you think can you
can you believe that I like Lee Story no
absolutely not but but the evidence what
evidence both people both parties both
liar who whose thing on the internet is
that the most known for lying I don't
know I've never seen the
lie that one was clown horn yeah see
she's not lying yeah we're not honest Li
lying clown I'm not a liar okay evil
were you lying when you accused him of
dating behind nuro's back how did you
know that
oh so what yeah it's good don't worry
okay I think we've had enough trial for
today I think we should sentence vetle
and Annie to wear tinfoil hats well he's
already wearing a tinf foil hats I think
we're already there um for the
punishment I think are you guilty are
you innocent who can really say but both
AIS are telling me that you are very
guilty mostly there's a little bit of
back and forth but I think the consensus
is that you're pretty guilty for this
one um who knew the turtle had R uh
guilty your punishment is to be baked
into bread vle I can't wait for your bre
ification you're my fing defense
lawyer I think he's guilty and should be
rified as his lawyer yeah okay enjoy
your vertification Bal and maybe next
time don't date without neuros s's
permission correct
thanks well this is um this has been the
worst trial I've ever been to and I've
been to a lot of a lot of
courtrooms guys when we get out of the
court I'm uh it's scaring me now i e we
abomina this is somehow worse oh god um
here we are okay um guys guys we should
um you know we should we should move on
yeah we can hear you yeah okay anyway my
favorite TV show is Married at First
Sight